1. How ASP.NET API handles multiple requests?
If we assume that the multiple requests come from different users or session, ASP.NET application uses a new thread to execute multiple requests. This is applicable to both single-threaded, async or multithreaded applications. Essentially for multiple users the requests will be running in parallel.

2. What are the benefits and downsides of caching? When should we consider applying caching?
Pros:
+ increased performance
+ less load on the server
Cons:
+ consumes memory
+ if implemented incorrectly may lead to issues with displaying old/outdated data
+ may become too complex and unmanageable

3. What are the differences between In-memory, Distributed or Request caching options?
In-memory cache stores data in RAM, distributed uses outside resources to store data (like DB), while request cache is similar to in-memory but it stores an entire http request rather than just data it returns.

4. What does ‘session affinity’ and ‘thread affinity’ mean? When do we have to consider session affinity?
Session affinity is a load balancing technique when a load balancer sends all requests form a particular end user to a specific endpoint. Thread affinity is similar in idea but it assigns a thread to a specific core, thread/pool. Session affinity is to be considered when user has their data processed and displayed on a particular server and needs to keep being processed there for a consistency sake. 

5. What are the race conditions and deadlocks? Do they possible in a single threaded application?
Race condition is a defect when the work of multiple threads is solely dependent on the sequence or timing of the work of multiple threads. Deadlock is a state when two threads are blocking each other by awaiting for each other's work result and are unable to proceed due to that. I assume both can happen if an application shares resources with another one.

6. Why is it not safe to use static constructors/fields when your code is running in a multithreaded application?
I assume since those exist in a single instance, there may be race conditions happening to the fields and deadlocks happening to the constructors.

7. What  objects and features .NET proposes to solve race conditions and deadlocks?
One of the most common ways to prevent race conditions and deadlocks is the use of lock keyword, which locks the object that gets accessed.
Usage of Tasks may also ease the problem, as it has multiple methods to use to "wait" on something (e.g. Task.WhenAll)