1. What is a message queue? What do message queues store and transfer? 
Message queue is a channel that supports and handles communication between different services by message distribution via FIFO model. Message queues stores messages (e.g. event triggers, notifications, etc.) which may contain certain data for a future transfer.

2. Describe the publisher/subscriber pattern. The difference between Pub/Sub and Observable patterns.
Pub/Sub is a pattern that allows certain devices server as a mean to send the message (publisher) and the others to receive it (subscriber). It uses a middleware service for async communication.
The main difference between observable and pub/sub is that observable usually implemented synchronously while pub/sub uses asynchronous means. Observable is also aware of its subscribers, pub/sub is not as it uses an intermediary service.

3. What is a Message Bus? How does it work? 
Message bus is an infrastructure that allows communications between various systems using a shared source. It usually contains several "channels" - topics for publisher to post to and for subscribers to listen to. Usually a certain system would use a topic to post a message there without knowing who would receive it. Then the message will be read by another service.

4. What is the difference between message queue and web services? 
Message queue uses messaging, or publisher/subscriber patter. Web services use primarily API (REST) communication.
Message queue allows persisting of messages. Web services may lose whatever is sent to them.
Message queues are async at a protocol level.

5. Describe the difference between RabbitMQ and Kafka. Provide some use cases for each of them: in which scenarios you’ll use RabbitMQ, Kafka?
Kafka is a log-based streaming platform, RabbitMQ is a queuing system that allows subscribers to receive publisher messages.
Kafka is optimized to handle millions of messages, while RabbitMQ is for a smaller amount of messages.
Kafka retains messages, RabbitMQ consumes and removes them.
Generally RabbitMQ should me used as a message queue for smaller tasks like notifications, job queues, payment processing, email sending workers, events between microservices.
While Kafka is great for bigger streams of data like user activity tracking, logging, real-time analytics, etc.